📄 "Urcash" Software License Agreement
Please read this agreement carefully before using the "Urcash" software. By using the software, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement.

1. Software Definition
"Urcash" software is an accounting and point-of-sale system designed to facilitate the management of sales, invoices, inventory, customers, debts, and reports, used on personal computers.

2. Activation and Licensing
The user is granted a personal license to use the software on one device (unless otherwise agreed).

Some features are only available after activation through an official activation code issued by the developer.

Activation may be for a limited period (trial) or permanent depending on the license type.

3. Permitted Use
You are allowed to use the software to manage your business or personal activities.

Resale or distribution of the software is not permitted without written permission.

Modification of software files or attempts to break protection or bypass activation is prohibited.

4. Privacy and Data
The software may collect some non-sensitive information about your device (such as device ID and approximate location) for activation and technical support purposes.

Your data is not shared with any third party.

5. Updates and Support
Periodic updates to the software may be provided to improve performance or fix bugs.

Updates may require internet connection or reactivation.

Technical support is available through official approved channels only.

6. Legal Liability
The developer assumes no responsibility for any direct or indirect loss or damage resulting from the use of the software.

The responsibility for keeping backup copies of data lies with the user.

7. Termination of Use
Use of the software may be terminated in case of violation of the agreement terms.

The company reserves the right to suspend the license for any user who violates the terms of use or attempts to tamper with the system.

✔️ By using the software, you agree to these terms.
If you do not agree to any part of this agreement, please do not use the software.
